# BCDE224 Mock Website

## What is this

This is a mock website for an assignment for the BCDE224 course at Ara Institute of Canterbury. 

This is assignment 2 where we have to present a design for a PHP program which supports an E-Commerce portal called Agora, written in hard-coded HTML, and some features and personas that we have to design around. This is the basic proof of concept website that I have gone overboard and done more than I needed to complete the majority of the visitor side of things, and one page for a signed-in user.

The next assignment will be creating this in PHP and a MySQL database and implementing actual commerce features that different users can use.

## What is Agora

According to ChatGPT from the specification in the assignment:

Agora is a digital platform that connects buyers and sellers in the New Zealand retail market. It provides a space where businesses can auction and sell goods directly to consumers or other businesses, using an efficient and transparent marketplace system.

In reality Agora is completely fictional and does not exist.

## Is any information on the website correct or accurate?

No. Most of the information, like the FAQ, About us, Terms & Conditions, and Privacy Policy are, for the most part, fully generated by AI and are completely fictional. The products are also completely fictional made up by AI or by me through finding random free images on the internet.

The user that is hardcoded in to this MarketMaven87 and the profile picture is also generated by AI. There are also a few product pictures generated by AI.

## Do any forms work

Yes and no. If you use the register or login form it will take you to the user page, the contact us form does nothing. No details submitted in any form is stored or sent anywhere.